So, as a division officer, you're going to be out at sea on your ship.
And this would apply also two aviators when they do with disassociated
see tours or the submariners when they come topside, when they're
trying to qualify for there. Uh, Carrie cvb g the carrier battle groups
tours. You have to do a tour of the ship, one of things about
life, and see when the carrier goes out your signs to carrier battle
group, you Miss Navy Prize itself on under waiver punishments on one
of the things you have to develop is your seaman's eye to make sure
that you could bring your ship alongside. I did the carrier or the
replenishment ship. And that's the one thing that ship drivers surface
warfare officers pride themselves on is learning how to drive that
ship and keep that ship alongside that punishment because you don't
want to crash into or play bumper cars. That is not good at all.
So or just, uh, underwear your punishment I had I was in the Bering
Sea's that's north of Alaska. First ship. We took it. We went up the
West Coast. What through the Bering Sea's into the illusions, and we
did it underway replenishment for eight hours. And I had the con for
about six of those eight hours that's developing your seaman's. I.
That's the kind of thing that you it is very hard to do. But once
completed, once you have that a everyone knows you're the you're the
guy. You're the gal that could drive that shift. Well, the guy you're
the gal, go out and keep the ship out of harm's away. That's very
sensible.